# Nephritis_Database
## Introduction
Glomerulonephritis is a very important field in nephrology, and its diagnosis must be interpreted pathologically through kidney slices, and long-term follow-up treatment is required. According to past studies, glomerulonephritis is one of the important causes of end-stage renal failure. However, in the past, there was a lack of systematic research on glomerulonephritis. In addition, the progress of molecular biology in recent years has led to different understandings of the mechanism of glomerulonephritis. 
## Patient Cohort
This database contains kidney biopsies at the Chang Gung Memorial Hospital (CGMH) Linkou and Keelung campuses from 2000 to 2019. The nephrologist examines the patients who have been diagnosed with kidney disease and collects basic data including patient’s age, gender, diagnosis, etc., about 4,100 people. The Chang Gung Memorial Research Database (CGRD) combines the electronic health record data from all the districts of CGMH (continuously updated): outpatient, inpatient, emergency, drug prescription and laboratory test results. For privacy consideration, each patient’s data has been de-identified and encrypted IDCODE will be assigned. Besides demographic data and clinical diagnosis collected by physicians, the database also include historical files of CGRD laboratory test results, and biological information such as genomics, proteomics, metabolomics extracted from blood and urine samples as well as pathological slice images. Figure 1 demonstrates that after we excluded patients  
  (1) who were unable to find corresponding IDCODE;  
    (2) who received kidney transplantation;    (3) who had failure of their pathological section, etc.,  
finally totally 2849 kidney disease patients were remained and collected.
